deployment: clarify description about using the same user and UID/GID (#22491)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

## Manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password

> This section describes how to manually configure SSH mutual trust from the control machine to the target nodes. If you use the TiUP deployment tool, SSH mutual trust and passwordless login are configured automatically. You can skip this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to manually configure SSH mutual trust from the control machine to the target nodes. If you use the TiUP deployment tool, SSH mutual trust and password-free login are configured automatically, and you can skip this section.
```

> When configuring SSH mutual trust, it is recommended to create and use the `tidb` user on all target nodes. In general, TiDB does not require the same user to exist on every node. However, pay attention to user consistency in the following scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
When configuring SSH mutual trust, it is recommended to create and use the `tidb` user on all target nodes. In general, TiDB does not require that you use the same user on every node. However, pay attention to user consistency in the following scenarios:
```

> When configuring SSH mutual trust, it is recommended to create and use the `tidb` user on all target nodes. In general, TiDB does not require that you use the same user on every node. However, pay attention to user consistency in the following scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring SSH mutual trust, it is recommended to create and use the `tidb` user on all target nodes. In general, TiDB does not require that you use the same user across all nodes. However, pay attention to user consistency in the following scenarios:
```

> This section describes how to manually configure the SSH mutual trust and sudo without password. It is recommended to use TiUP for deployment, which automatically configure SSH mutual trust and login without password. If you deploy TiDB clusters using TiUP, ignore this section.

Author: ```suggestion
This section describes how to manually configure SSH mutual trust from the control machine to the target nodes. If you use the TiUP deployment tool, SSH mutual trust and passwordless login are configured automatically. You can skip this section.
```

> When configuring SSH mutual trust, create and use the `tidb` user on all target machines. In general, TiDB does not require the same user to exist across all nodes. However, if you plan to use Backup & Restore (BR), it is recommended that you use the same user for all BR and TiDB operations. If backups are stored on network file systems such as NFS, ensure that this user has consistent UID and GID values across all nodes, because NFS relies on underlying UID/GID values to determine file permissions. If the UID/GID values differ across nodes, or if BR runs under a different user than TiDB (especially in environments without `sudo` privileges), backup or restore operations might fail with "Permission Denied" errors.

Author: ```suggestion
When configuring SSH mutual trust, it is recommended to create and use the `tidb` user on all target nodes. In general, TiDB does not require the same user to exist on every node. However, pay attention to user consistency in the following scenarios:

- Using Backup & Restore (BR): it is strongly recommended that you use the same user to perform all BR and TiDB–related operations.
- Using network storage such as NFS: ensure that the user has the same UID and GID on all nodes. NFS relies on underlying UID and GID values to determine file access permissions. If the UID or GID differs across nodes, or if BR runs under a different user than TiDB (especially in environments without `sudo` privileges), backup or restore operations might fail with "Permission Denied" errors.
```
